NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
Things suddenly took a strange turn
after he got a call.
Se-yun?
Se-yun!
And it turned into a chase.
Hey. stop!
Mrs. Ahn?
What are you膩聙娄
It was Eun-joo?
It was dear Eun-joo?
How could that膩聙娄
But the real shocker
is that she knows more than anyone.
The woman who we thought knew nothing!
Why are you here?
Did you follow me?
No. I thought you were Se-yun.
Why are you here. Mrs. Ahn?
Se-yun?
So you're the young man
who went to the hotel?
The one who asked if it was a murder?
You
went to the hotel too?
If you went to the hotel. you'll know.
It was just an accident.
And this is a family matter.
It's none of your business!
How can it be none of my business?
A person died.
You know it wasn't an accident.
as the letter said.
"I have the hospital CCTV footage."
That letter.
How much do you膩聙娄
What do you want?
No. I don't want a thing. Don't worry.
I just膩聙娄
I just want to know the truth. That's all.
And I'm on your side.
Not the police's.
The police?
If you won't tell me.
I have no other choice.
To uncover the truth about her death.
In the end.
she told me everything.
Everything she said was so shocking.
That's why I'm late.
-I couldn't interrupt her. That's why I--
-Okay.
I see.
Okay. Calm down.
Let's sit down first. and you can tell me.
Now tell me everything you heard today.
Don't leave anything out.
All right.
The story starts with--
Wait. hold on.
From now on膩聙娄
talk quietly. Softly.
Okay. so膩聙娄
Yes. hello?
Really?
Okay.
Yes. I understand.
I'll head there now.
Hey. what are you doing?
What is it?
I'm sorry.
I have something urgent to take care of.
I'll call you later膩聙娄 no. tomorrow.
Wait. tomorrow? Why?
What is it?
Did something happen to Eun-joo?
Well? What is it?
No. it doesn't concern Mrs. Ahn. but膩聙娄
Hey. you can't just leave like this!
Wait.
Lee Kang.
Call me.
Soon. Call as soon as you can!
So when it comes to
literary incidents.
it's not the incident itself that matters.
Rather. the focus is on
what kind of person
gets caught up in said incident
and what is revealed
about their character.
You little punk. Where are you?
Why haven't you called?
And why weren't you in膩聙娄
Hello.
Why weren't you in class?
Call me as soon as you hear this. okay?
Hey. Kim Se-yun!
Do you膩聙娄
Yes. Professor?
Do you know where Lee膩聙娄
Never mind.
You can go.
If you have any ideas
for new general education
elective courses.
now's a great time to share them.
The university administration
has asked us to add
more unique general education courses.
Department Chair?
LEE KANG
Hey.
I'm sorry. Mr. Heo.
I should have called sooner.
Were you asleep?
No. go ahead.
Are you mad
because I didn't answer your calls?
No. just talk.
What happened?
It's a pretty long story.
The call I got yesterday
was from the nursing home.
You know about my dad being here
from my assignment. right?
Anyway. they called to say
he'd gone missing.
so I'm out of town.
What. out of town?
Yes. it's actually quite far.
We found him. thankfully.
so you don't have to worry. but
my dad's a little hurt.
I'll have to stay here for a while.
Hey. then what about our conversation?
Sorry?
Right. yeah.
How's your father? Is he doing okay?
You mentioned that he struggles
with alcoholism. didn't you?
Yes. that's right.
You remember.
Of course I remember.
I hope he gets better soon.
But膩聙娄
Hey. what are we going to do
about our conversation?
Is it possible for you to write it up
as your assignment?
Assignment?
I had to rush here.
so I couldn't bring my laptop.
Or we could do it over the phone.
Let's do that.
I'm free now. I have time.
No. I can't talk for long.
Okay. then.
I'll try to borrow the computer
at the nursing home office.
I can't finish it in one go.
but I'll try whenever I can.
It might take about a week.
What. a week?
Kang!
I have to go.
My dad keeps asking for me.
I'll email you soon.
Hey. Lee Kang! Wait!
You bastard!
What? A week?
A whole week?
He said he'd email me soon.
When exactly is "soon"?
That little bastard.
What the hell's with this bastard?
Bastard drives like a goddamn maniac.
Choi Dong-ju.
Here.
Choi Mi-gyeong.
Mr. Heo.
I just sent you my first assignment.
I tried to write down
what Mrs. Ahn told me. word for word.
Brace yourself.
-Choi Bo-geom.
-Here.
Well膩聙娄
I'm sorry. but today's class is canceled.
I'll make up for this class next time.
Sorry?
Class is膩聙娄
Canceled? Seriously?
What's gotten into the old fart?
Let's go to an Internet caf膯漏 and chill.
Professor. hello.
When can you send
the exam questions for finals?
Professor?
What the heck?
-Hello. sir.
-What's up with him lately?
Actually. I've known for a long time
that my husband was cheating on me.
How could I not know?
But
I've never brought it up and asked him.
My pride wouldn't let me.
I can't forgive him.
But I thought I could play dumb
to protect my children.
So I just put up with it.
Endured it.
But
I couldn't just let it slide this time.
In my home. of all places.
In our own home. where my babies live.
With the likes of
that worthless housekeeper.
HAPPY TIME
PREGNANCY TEST KIT
What are you doing?
What is this. Min-hui?
What's this doing here?
Why is that膩聙娄
How would I know?
You're still awake. What's wrong?
Should I turn off the lights?
No. it's okay.
What is it?
Are you still upset over her?
The fight you had earlier today?
I don't know.
It's bringing back memories.
Min-hui
used to wear my clothes without asking.
Bringing that up again?
You were going to donate them anyway.
so what's the big deal?
Then what about the scarf?
Why'd she steal what's mine?
She said she never stole it
when I followed her out and asked.
Maybe you were mistaken.
Mistaken?
Are you taking her side right now?
I couldn't stand it.
I had to put an end to it
before Yun found out.
What brings you here. on a weekend.
to a shabby neighborhood like this?
Here to apologize or something?
Why do you膩聙娄
I found it in your bag yesterday.
I am aware of what this means.
What it means?
Seriously?
So you think
I'm pregnant
with your husband's baby. lady?
What?
"Lady"?
It looks like I'll be fired anyway.
Are you saying
I should call you "ma'am" even here?
Fine.
Call me whatever you want.
But this膩聙娄
What is it that you want?
Look. lady.
No. you've got it all wrong.
Ridiculous.
You're crazy.
Completely insane.
Listen up.
lady.
This
has nothing to do
with your husband whatsoever.
This is my private life.
What do you take me for?
Sure.
It would be nice to snare a rich guy
with something like this.
But not your husband.
Think I'm mad enough to mess around
with a vile bastard like him?
Think I'm like the bitches
he fools around with behind your back?
Who do you think he is?
You really think he's all that?
Don't be stupid.
That husband of yours
is just a revolting hypocrite.
a thief who's fooling the world膩聙娄
and a fucking loser.
You don't even know a thing.
What? Thief?
What do you mean膩聙娄
What she told me was so shocking.
A secret of my husband's
that I could never have imagined.
TO BE CONTINUED..
Continued. To be continued.
It's always "to be continued.."!
Unbelievable.
Did you know膩聙娄
Hyeong-jong's book launch is
the day after tomorrow?
Seong-hui called.
Yeah.
I called Professor Park to say
I can't make it. You can go by yourself.
I hear Kim Su-hun will be there.
And what exactly did Kim Su-hun steal?
What theft did he commit. exactly?
Yes. I know that you're busy
and have your hands full.
So just tell me that first.
There's a reason I need to know now.
Hey. Lee Kang.
Lee Kang?
That little shit.
So.
that theft he committed膩聙娄
There's no way.
I have an older sister.
I mean. "had."
She was the only family member
I was attached to.
but she died of cancer last year.
I only found out after her funeral
that her dream膩聙娄
was to become a writer.
SHOULD I TELL MIN-HUI ABOUT MY DIAGNOSIS?
THE DAY I FINISH THIS NOVEL.
I'LL BE CURED
GUESTS AFTER DARK
SEON EUN-HUI
Mom. what are you reading?
What?
Just something your aunt wrote.
I always cursed her out
for shutting herself up in her room.
Guess she was writing this crap.
Still. it must be good.
I've never seen you read anything before.
Sweetheart.
Should I try to send this to a publisher?
Publishers print books. right?
Books?
It might make us some money.
Then I could pay
for my smart girl's education
and open a hair salon.
Sure. try sending it.
You said the man you work for
makes a ton of money. too. right?
Mr. Kim. sorry to interrupt.
The manuscript I gave you last time.
Did you read it?
I've been waiting.
but you haven't said anything about it.
About what?
You know. the thing I gave you last time.
My sister's novel.
I asked if you could read it.
That.
I'm sorry.
My book's coming out soon.
so I don't have time
to read someone's rough draft.
Okay.
And you don't have to clean
when I'm working.
I thought I told you last time.
Then could I have it back?
I was going to send it to a publisher.
Well.
it should be around here somewhere.
Where did I put it again?
That's
the only copy of the manuscript.
All right.
I'll find it and give it back to you.
I only found out
after your husband's book was published.
Wait.
What the fuck is this?
EYES OF THE HOUSE
I don't know what you're talking about.
How are the two the same?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
A poor woman with no home膩聙娄
So. a woman who likes
looking around people's homes
sneaks into a rich couple's house
while they're on vacation
and secretly stays there. That's the same.
And here. The part where she finds
a body in the fridge is also the same.
Lady.
Lady?
Lady. what are you saying?
Such a claim could get you in big trouble.
What do you know about literature?
Do you even know what a story is?
If you keep making
such baseless accusations.
you'll have to face legal action.
I don't fucking care. Cut the bullshit!
You think I'll just let this slide?
You really don't get it.
Do you have any proof
that I plagiarized her work?
Proof?
Yeah.
Without proof.
who do you think would believe you?
I have it.
Proof.
My sister's novel.
I have the original file.
From that day on.
your husband was totally at my mercy.
One word from me
could ruin his whole life.
A pathetic little fucker.
This is epic!
Wow. is this honestly real? Is it?
She called him a pathetic little fucker.
He really is completely insane. isn't he?
Mr. Kim Su-hun.
Kim Su-hun. Hey. Su-hun!
How could an esteemed author like you
steal someone else's novel?
You crazy son of a bitch.
you fucking nutjob.
So that's all you were. huh?
All right. you son of a bitch.
Let me see
just how shameless you are.
Hey. it's me. I'm going.
I'll attend the thing.
What are you talking about?
I'll attend Professor Park's book launch.
Why all of a sudden?
I guess you found out.
Found out what?
What are you talking about?
Kim Su-hun's wife.
She's going to be there too.
Isn't that what changed your mind?
Why didn't you tell me this earlier?
I suggested that she be invited.
You did? Why?
I just wanted to see
what kind of woman she is.
Why would you meet Eun-joo?
What are you planning to do?
She's going through a hard time right now.
She has a lot on her mind.
No. you're lying.
He'd never do something like that.
Do you know how many books he's written?
How could he膩聙娄
steal someone's work like that?
For fuck's sake.
Look.
Are you having trouble believing.
or do you just not want to?
See this?
That bastard nearly killed me yesterday.
Is that true?
What?
That you have the original file.
Fucking hell.
If you don't want to believe me. don't.
I can just upload it online.
Then give it to me.
Sell it to me.
Would this be enough?
If I'd known this would happen.
I'd have told you sooner.
Now we're talking.
That bastard
was way too stingy.
Bring it to work with you on Monday.
I'll have the money ready.
Yes. hello?
Excuse me?
The police?
In the end. she never made it to work
because she died on Sunday night.
After that day膩聙娄
many things changed.
Was it really a car accident?
What if
her death wasn't an accident?
I couldn't just sit around.
I had to find out the truth
about her death.
A murder?
I was able to confirm
that it was a car accident.
but it did nothing to ease the burden.
No. don't ask the church volunteer group.
No? Why not?
Fundraising or whatever膩聙娄
would take too long.
The funeral should be held
as soon as possible.
People might talk.
That would be disrespectful
to the deceased.
If money's the issue.
we can take care of it.
I'll pay for it.
You will?
-Just run.
-What's your name? How old?
She's so mature for her age.
It's almost concerning.
She doesn't even cry.
What will happen to her now?
Luckily. we were able to get in touch
with her grandmother in the States.
She leaves in two months.
I'm relieved to hear
she has family who'll take her in.
I guess Eun-seo's mom
had one last bit of luck.
She was able to have a funeral.
albeit belatedly.
thanks to a friend like you.
How did you say you knew her again?
If you could
use this money for the child's
travel expenses to the States膩聙娄
I was indebted to her.
This is only part of it.
Director?
Yes?
I solved all the questions.
The funeral is tomorrow.
Did you pick your mom's memorial portrait?
It's okay. Don't cry.
It's okay.
Hey. Eun-seo. your mom膩聙娄
Did your mom膩聙娄
Did she. by any chance.
have some sort of file?
A USB?
This?
Mom said it was important
and told me to keep it safe.
The thing is. Eun-seo.
this isn't actually
your mom's.
It's mine.
I was just like him.
No different from my husband.
A disgusting. revolting person.
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday. dear Dad
A WONDERFUL HUSBAND. DEPENDABLE DAD
This is where it ends.
It's all over now.
Happy birthday. Dad!
Thanks. everyone.
Thank you. honey.
My goodness.
TO BE CONTINUED..
How does this make any sense?
How is this even possible?
Look.
She clearly knew what her husband did.
so why would she get rid of the evidence
and even let him hug her?
Why are you getting mad at me?
I just wrote what I heard.
I'm not mad at you. you punk!
It's just frustrating that she's covering
for her scumbag husband. goddammit!
Mr. Heo.
Are you jealous?
What? Jealous?
You little punk. How dare you!
Let's take my car today.
That top is almost see-through.
You really dolled yourself up.
You're the one who dolled yourself up.
I guess you wanted to look sharp
for a certain someone.
What's wrong?
Stomach cramps.
Since yesterday.
Should I drive?
Why don't you膩聙娄
just stay home today?
What?
Stomach cramps are no joke.
Go home and get some rest.
I can go by myself.
You don't want me to go. do you?
Here you go again.
I'm just worried about you. that's all.
We're not getting any younger.
We have to rest whenever we're sick.
That's the only answer.
Fine.
Go by yourself.
Go. Go on.
I'll be back soon. Go in and rest up.
And if it gets worse. go see a doctor.
We'll now hear from
Professor Park Hyeong-jong.
the author of
Designing a Sustainable Future.
Let's invite him on stage.
A big round of applause. please.
Thank you.
The host just gave
such a wonderful introduction
that I'm honestly overwhelmed.
I didn't expect so many of you to come.
but thanks to you. filling up the seats.
I feel like I've become
a best-selling author.
Call me delusional. but hey.
I'll work hard to become
a best-selling author. maybe.
-Right. so today膩聙娄
-You're here.
I'd like to extend my heartfelt gratitude膩聙娄
Where's Hyeon-suk?
膩聙娄to you all for coming all this way
to attend the launch of my book.
-Designing a Sustainable Future.
-They're not coming today.
-Something urgent came up.
-I'm truly humbled by your support.
Thank you so much.
Why didn't you tell me?
You should have told me
you were sick sooner.
I didn't want you to worry.
I'm okay now. Don't worry.
Please. how can I not worry?
Do you know how scared I was?
Please don't get sick anymore. okay?
Okay.
I thought everything would be over
once I buried that secret.
But it wasn't.
Yun. what are you doing? Come out here.
Jeong-hu's leaving.
What's wrong. Yun?
Are you not feeling well?
Are you still upset about
what happened to Min-hui?
How long are you going to keep this up?
I have my limits too.
Get up. Kim Se-yun.
Now. Listen to your mother!
They've already had her funeral.
It's all over. When are you going to
stop acting like a child?
What do you mean. it's over?
You have no idea. Mom.
You don't know.
You don't know anything.
That was when it all truly began.
Oh my God!
You膩聙娄
You were there?
I saw it.
I saw everything.
What Dad did.
Look. she's bleeding! My God.
Can you move?
-She's alive.
-She is.
Please step aside.
She's unconscious. Oh dear.
Okay. let's lift her.
Three. two. lift!
Three. two. one.
Let's move.
Min-hui
was definitely conscious then.
Please keep tailing that car.
Come on. sir.
She was conscious when brought in.
What happened?
I'm not sure.
I stepped out for a moment. and膩聙娄
-Get ready to perform CPR.
-Will do.
-Please page the clinical fellow.
-Sure.
No pulse. She's in cardiac arrest.
Start compressions. Now.
Starting compressions. now!
-Epinephrine every three minutes.
-Yes.
-Intubate her as soon as we're ready.
-Understood.
So膩聙娄
So. your housekeeper膩聙娄
With your own two hands膩聙娄
No. Yun.
Not yet.
Nothing is certain.
No. it was Dad's car.
It was definitely Dad!
Dad did something to her.
My baby.
I hoped you'd never find out.
Mom.
How did you膩聙娄
How long have you known?
Yun.
That's not important right now.
Stop crying and listen to me.
We now have to find out
what Dad really did膩聙娄
for ourselves.
How?
How about we go see a late-night movie
after this? It's been a while.
A late-night movie?
Or we could just go for a drive.
Doesn't that sound wonderful?
It'd be a waste to stay home
on a night like this.
No. I can't. I have plans.
so I have to go out in a bit.
You go to the hospital.
I'll go to the park.
When I meet your dad there.
I'm going to question him
about everything.
In the meantime. you have to check
the hospital's CCTV footage.
Got it?
Hey. Jeong-hu.
Why are you calling me so late?
What?
Yun knows everything? What does he know?
Jeong-hu.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Let's meet up first.
Let's talk in person.
Hey. Yun.
Did you find it?
Did you check it?
Se-yun.
Yun was crying.
He said the footage was useless.
It was in a blind spot.
so he couldn't see anything.
It's over now. It's all over.
We lost all the evidence we could've used
to get a confession out of him.
This is all my fault.
I shouldn't have gotten rid of that file.
I don't know how I'll face him
from now on.
It's so scary. so horrifying.
I don't know what to do now.
How am I meant to go on living?
Eun-joo.
It's okay.
I'll help you.
I'll do whatever it takes.
Don't worry.
MR. HEO MUN-OH
Lee Kang.
Listen carefully.
That evidence.
We can make it ourselves.
What do you mean by--
Just listen to me. you punk!
That night.
the night of Seon Min-hui's accident.
You followed her to the hospital. okay?
You followed Kim Su-hun to the hospital.
What?
And there.
you witnessed it.
You saw it with your own two eyes.
Do you understand me?
Mr. Heo.
That will be how膩聙娄
your story ends.
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
Subtitle translation by: Jimin Choi